# Frequently Asked Questions 

## Q: Can I use AngadiApp with any type of shop?
A: Yes, AngadiApp is designed to cater to the needs of various types of local vendors, from grocery stores to small businesses.

## Q: Is there a limit to the number of items I can add to my inventory?
A: No, AngadiApp allows you to add unlimited items to your inventory, ensuring flexibility and scalability for your business.

## Q: How secure are the payment transactions on AngadiApp?
A: AngadiApp employs robust security measures to safeguard your payment transactions, ensuring a safe and secure shopping experience for your customers.

## Q: Can I integrate AngadiApp with my existing POS system?
A: Currently, AngadiApp does not support direct integration with external POS systems. However, you can manually input data from AngadiApp into your POS system if needed.

## Q: Is AngadiApp compatible with all mobile devices?
A: AngadiApp is compatible with most modern smartphones and tablets running iOS and Android operating systems. Make sure to check the compatibility requirements before downloading the app.

## Q: Is AngadiApp compatible with Bluetooth-enabled receipt printers?
A: Yes, AngadiApp supports integration with Bluetooth-enabled receipt printers for printing bills directly from the app.

## Q: Can I export sales data and transaction history from AngadiApp?
A: Yes, AngadiApp allows you to export sales data and transaction history in various formats, such as CSV or PDF, for further analysis or record-keeping purposes.

## Q: Does AngadiApp offer multi-language support for user interfaces?
A: Currently, AngadiApp is available in English only. However, we are actively working on adding support for additional languages in future updates.

## Q: How frequently does AngadiApp receive updates and new features?
A: AngadiApp receives regular updates and new features to improve functionality and address user feedback. Updates are typically released every few weeks, with major feature updates announced in advance.

## Q: Can I customize the layout and design of bills generated by AngadiApp?
A: Yes, AngadiApp provides options for customizing the layout and design of bills, including adding logos, changing fonts, and modifying colors to match your brand identity.

## Q: Is AngadiApp compliant with local tax regulations and GST requirements?
A: Yes, AngadiApp is designed to comply with local tax regulations and GST requirements, allowing you to accurately calculate and include taxes in your bills.

## Q: How does AngadiApp ensure data security and privacy for users?
A: At AngadiApp, we prioritize the security and privacy of our users. We firmly believe in respecting user privacy, and as such, we do not collect or store any user data. Your data remains with you, ensuring maximum confidentiality and peace of mind.


## Q: How can I get technical support for AngadiApp?
A: For technical support or any inquiries related to AngadiApp, please reach out to our dedicated customer support team via email at support@angadiApp.com or by phone at 1-800-ANGADIApp.













<!-- # FAQ

This page demonstrates some of the built-in markdown extensions provided by VitePress.

## Syntax Highlighting

VitePress provides Syntax Highlighting powered by [Shiki](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki), with additional features like line-highlighting:

**Input**

````md
```js{4}
export default {
  data () {
    return {
      msg: 'Highlighted!'
    }
  }
}
```
````

**Output**

```js{4}
export default {
  data () {
    return {
      msg: 'Highlighted!'
    }
  }
}
```

## Custom Containers

**Input**

```md
::: info
This is an info box.
:::

::: tip
This is a tip.
:::

::: warning
This is a warning.
:::

::: danger
This is a dangerous warning.
:::

::: details
This is a details block.
:::
```

**Output**

::: info
This is an info box.
:::

::: tip
This is a tip.
:::

::: warning
This is a warning.
:::

::: danger
This is a dangerous warning.
:::

::: details
This is a details block.
:::

## More

Check out the documentation for the [full list of markdown extensions](https://vitepress.dev/guide/markdown). -->
